British rock musicians
Record African-American Blues and Rock and bring it to the United States,
Since 1964, when The Beatles first went to America,
American white young people
Rock and roll came to know that it was music made by African Americans.
And finally
African American Musicians
Accepted in our country America,
Their music is at any radio station
It came to be broadcasted.
In the 1950s
British musicians
Listen to “skiffle” for the first time,
I came to play by myself.
“Skiffle” sings vocals,
Supported by the rhythm of the guitar and drums.
The Beatles adopted the “skiffle” style:
Not yet the group name Beatles,
It was an era of the group name Quarrymen.
When you start playing blues or rock,
The music has become louder, faster and harder.
Various rock fans appeared in England.
Some fans wear leather jackets and ride bikes.
Have a hairstyle like Elvis Presley,
People called "rockers".
There are also some fans
Popular by groups such as Beatles,
I liked the style like a suit and a tie.
These people are
It was called “mods”.
These mods and rockers are hostile,
Sometimes it became a struggle case.
This is a movie depicting mods and rockers
It is "Quadrophenia" in 1979.
The who makes this movie music
Appeared in this movie
By Gordon Summer
It is Sting of Police after.
There are many British bands that came into the United States.
The Searchers, Billy J. Kramer and the Dakotas,
Gerry and the Pacemakers, Chad and Jeremy, The Hollies
The Dave Clark Five, The Yardbirds
The Rolling Stones, The Beatles
There are many other things, such as Animals, Kinks.
Over the late 1960's and early 70's
A new rock genre was born.
Music that combines rock and roll and forks
It is called “Folk Rock”.
As a representative musician who created Folk Rock
Scottish Donovan,
The Incredible String Band, Fairport Convention, Steeleye Span, Pentangle, etc.
Fantasy and fairy tales, in the lyrics,
Return to a simpler life like hippies,
We have filed complaints about environmental protection.
These people are still active and
Donovan and Pentangle's John Renbourn
I keep making great music.
The background behind the popularity of folk locks is
Celtic rock
This is part of Irish Rock,
Irish folk music has become popular.
Singer like Irish Enya or
Music by bands like Chieftains,
A combination of Irish folk and dance
The Irish Riverdance group is
Around Japan and many other countries in the tour,
It has been a great success.
Here's a concert video of Riverdance
I would like to see a little.